Add dedicated dbt_cloud.yml reference page (#9177)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/_install-dbt-extension.md

| **Project files** | - You need a `profiles.yml` configuration file.<br /><br />⁃ You _may_ need to [download a `dbt_cloud.yml`](/reference/dbt_cloud.yml) file depending on your [registration path](#choose-your-registration-path).<br /><br />⁃ You don't need a <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> project to use the extension. |
| **Editor** | [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/), [Cursor](https://www.cursor.com/en), or [Windsurf](https://windsurf.com/editor) code editor. |
| **Operating systems** | macOS, Windows, or Linux-based computer. |
|  **Configure your local setup** (Optional) | [Configure the extension](/docs/configure-dbt-extension) to mirror your dbt environment locally and set any environment variables locally to use the VS Code extension features. |

> | **Run [Fusion migration]( dbt-autofix** (Optional) | If you haven't already installed the "Migrate <Constant name="core"/> to <Constant name="fusion" /> agent skill", you can alternatively [run dbt-autofix](/guides/prepare-fusion-upgrade?step=5#what-the-autofix-tool-handles) to fix any errors and deprecations in your dbt project. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Run  dbt-autofix** (Optional) | If you haven't already installed the "Migrate <Constant name="core"/> to <Constant name="fusion" /> agent skill", you can alternatively [run dbt-autofix](/guides/prepare-fusion-upgrade?step=5#what-the-autofix-tool-handles) to fix any errors and deprecations in your dbt project. |
```

> | **Run [Fusion migration]( dbt-autofix** (Optional) | If you haven't already installed the "Migrate <Constant name="core"/> to <Constant name="fusion" /> agent skill", you can alternatively [run dbt-autofix](/guides/prepare-fusion-upgrade?step=5#what-the-autofix-tool-handles) to fix any errors and deprecations in your dbt project. |

Reviewer: Hiya Mirna

Should this "[<Constant name="fusion" /> migration]( dbt-autofix**" be linked?

- Your organization uses a non-default region (`eu1`, `us2`, and so on).
- You prefer file-based credentials.

> If you're unsure whether you have a `US1` account from the past, try signing in or using **Forgot password** at [us1.dbt.com](http://us1.dbt.com). If nothing comes up, continue with [Register with `dbt_cloud.yml`](#register-with-dbt_cloudyml) below.

Author: ```suggestion
If you're unsure whether you have a `US1` account from the past, try signing in or using **Forgot password** at [us1.dbt.com](http://us1.dbt.com). If nothing comes up, continue with the [Register with `dbt_cloud.yml`](#register-with-dbt_cloudyml) section.
```

- **New to dbt and never created a dbt account?** → Use [First-time registration](#first-time-registration).
- **Have an existing dbt account and can sign in?** → Use [Existing dbt account](#existing-dbt-account).
- **Email already exists or can’t sign in?** (locked, forgot password) → Use [Recover your login](#recover-your-login).

> - **Can't sign in or your organization uses a non-default region** (`eu1`, `us2`) → Use [Register with `dbt_cloud.yml`](#register-with-dbt_cloudyml) below.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Can't sign in or your organization uses a non-default region** (`eu1`, `us2`) → Read the [Register with `dbt_cloud.yml`](#register-with-dbt_cloudyml) section for more info.
```

> - **Can't sign in or your organization uses a non-default region** (`eu1`, `us2`) → Read the [Register with `dbt_cloud.yml`](#register-with-dbt_cloudyml) section for more info.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Can't sign in or your organization uses a non-default region** (`eu1`, `us2`) → Read the [Register with `dbt_cloud.yml`](#register-with-dbt_cloudyml) section for more information.
```
